When I started my career as a creative, it was the beginning of Photoshop
and I remember how the idea of layers changed how creatives were thinking.
The idea of building and structuring a workflow is going to do that again.
Silverside is an AI innovation lab that was born out of an advertising agency.
We're kind of coming at it from the perspective of using these new AI tools to try and do almost all parts of a production.
There's a big revolution happening in everything creative in the world because of artificial intelligence.
A lot of that is coming through tools that regular consumers, regular people on the street, can just go there and start to play themselves.
We needed to go beyond what a single person in the backyard could do. That's when ComfyUI really comes in.
I think sometimes with these models, it can be a bit of a black box.
ComfyUI is the opposite of a black box system. You have complete control and that enables you to get exactly what you want.
With ComfyUI, you're able to control it a little bit more, kind of infuse the human touch into what you're generating.
The fact that you can break your ideas in your production into little nodes,
that you can adjust one thing and everything adjusts properly automatically—it's magical.
I think it's a different type of creativity. It's a creativity that sits at this kind of process-level thinking.
When I see people designing complex workflows to get from one set of inputs into something completely new in the end,
I feel like, "Oh, I remember that feeling." I remember seeing the first generation that got exposed to layers.
I think we're seeing that again. It's not the most natural way for everyone to think,
but it's going to be the way that everyone thinks in a year or two from now. So this is a time to start.